Hey, give me exactly I'm I'm finishing up a tweet. No, you're good always time for tweets. I'm gonna read your tweet right as you tweet it
Okay, I can't figure this one out. Let's just start. Okay, I need to let it sit a little bit about that tweet simmer
Well now I'm doing what a what a false start now. Are you writing a tweet? I'm not running a tweet. I'm writing a cloud prompt
One second
We're abandoning both both things. It's fine. Claude isn't running while we're talking and it's okay. I'm fine
I've moved on. I've coped. I have it. It's gonna bother me the entire podcast
Could have these prompts are running for 10 minutes. It's okay, man. I am right now. I'm eating this
keto
protein
Mmm, and it is so good. Like I'm like, how is this not how is it not non keto? Yeah
Like I just don't I forgot what keto is hang on. Let's break this down. What would it not have if it's keto?
It wouldn't have many carbs, so it wouldn't be sweetened with sugar
so it's definitely sweet and there's like chocolate chunks in it that are sweet, but
It must be like a monk fruit thing, but usually I can still taste the difference
Like it still tastes a little off, but it's really good. Yeah, it's crazy. I'm really good at the artificial sweetener stuff
I've noticed this and also gotten really good at the non grain stuff like chickpea flour and all these other like alt alt flowers that aren't
We base. Yeah. Yeah, the food science is improving. This just looks like a booty
I mean, I'm not gonna say it's the best brownie I've ever had but I'm like really liking it and it's a giant brownie
It says keto protein brownies. I don't like one room with the protein is wrote everything's protein now
We have protein oats. We just got protein oats like there's somehow modifying the oats to have more protein
Or they're like breeding them to have more protein. It's not like it has protein pattern
It's just oats, but they have more protein. Okay, so I started using a mail plan. Like I've been getting food delivered
Three times a week. Mm-hmm. And is it like a male one or like a local? No, I found someone local found something local
Yeah, it's still like roughly the same as something
large scales factor, but because it's local. It's like I imagine a
Like better. Yeah, they taste better. We had one when we were in Florida like a Naples, sorta
I'm surprised by I would say 80% of the meals
I'm like, this is really good and I'm like really enjoying it and I'm eating it really fast. I'm actually enjoying it
Which was surprising because I like I've tried this type of thing in the past and it's always just been like the worst stuff
So I think I guess because it's local or maybe they just got better at figuring out what foods
Like what recipes work. Yeah, but anyway, I got so I'm because I'm on the keto version. I got
Keto sloppy Joe's so sloppy Joe's usually like a sandwich with like ground meat inside. I guess mm-hmm
But obviously you can't have the bread with keto so that there was like
There were something it looked like bread and it called they call it like protein something and I taste them
This is really good, but I swear this is meat like I think the bread was just also meat
But I could really tell it was really delicious with everything together like we need everything together. It was it was great
But I'm like what could this be like this tastes like more like different ground meat, you know, yeah
Yeah, and so anyway, I've been enjoying a day they do so I get two meals a day plus a snack
And this is the keto brownie is a snack for today and yeah, it's a big brownie and
I'm really happy with it. It's like a homemade. It's like made by it's not a package thing that you found the story. Yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, it's great. No, we've I guess we've done it in Missouri too
We had a chef up here for a few months
It's so nice to like give them you give them your parameters
Like here's the things how we want to eat and then like the variety the way they come up with stuff and bring you stuff
You would have never made yourself
It makes for it's like the 80% thing you said like 80% of time
It was like oh, this is so good
I would have never thought to ask for this then there's like the 20% where like it's a miss because
Like they're trying things and they're doing out there stuff and it's like
But overall, I think it's pretty great worth it. Yeah. I think what these people are missing is a feedback loop because
They have no idea which ones were massive hits and which ones or whatever
So I think that would be cool if they did that. I don't know how much I would change what they do, but
Yeah, it's been it's been really good and it's not crazy expensive either
The chef one you guys did
So how would they like how often would they drop the food off? It was
Or you would pick it up. No, so this was a we were her only client. She has a restaurant
We were her only like personal client where and she did this for us years ago
And then when we moved back to Missouri, she started doing it again. We kind of like know her
She would meet us every day at our kids school. So it's like halfway between her restaurant and our house
So every day we have to go pick up her kid from school
She'd be in the parking lot with our meal
So we got him daily which seemed really inefficient to me like I would think they'd want to do like multiple days in a row
But it was nice to get a fresh meal like there were literally warm meals that were taking home every day for dinner
Didn't even have like reheat him or whatever. Oh, was it just for dinner? Yeah, we were just doing dinners. Yeah. Oh, just it
Okay, so it was like fresh. Yeah, yeah, it was great. Nice. Nice. We don't have to heat it or anything
We always had leftover stuff
So we often have like lunch the next day just from leftovers, but yeah, it was she wasn't gonna like breakfast and stuff. Yeah, yeah
Yeah, my my whole thing was like I had a tweet the other day being like we got to improve microwave
Like I don't want a hot-ass tomato and I don't think people understood what I meant by that, but I didn't do this
It's like that's how you get like Thai fried rice or something
I'm trying to think about something with like like a tomato in it
Usually the rice is hot and the tomato is normal temperature or like even cold when you're eating it
It's like, you know, it makes sense. Yeah, when you reheat it
Everything's hot including the tomato, and I'm just like this is not this is not right
Uh-huh, but I think with these meals and I guess it's over the years they've gotten good at this
They like I'm just giving me stuff that
It's meant to all be the same roughly the same temperature
So when I reheat it, it's actually actually pretty good like you like like the obvious thing is like imagine like a chili, right?
Like a chili is great. You just reheat it and it's yeah, but it's like stuff like that where they know that
Even reheated it'll be fine. So yeah, I thought it would be like
I did it because I was like, let me try it. I'm probably just gonna like not enjoy it, but you know, it's like a very practical thing
But now I I enjoy it. Not as good as my two steaks every day, but you know pretty close
They're gonna make compromises at some point making two steaks a day sounds like a lot of work
I guess you probably batch them, but no I did it. I use got so good every day. Yeah, it took me 10 minutes
Wow to make a steak. Okay. I mean we could rehash go back to those old episodes and I could relearn how you do that
Uh
Yeah, I uh, I used to have a steam oven in the first house we built
It was the best for reheating stuff. It like compared to a microwave
I mean it wasn't as fast as a microwave, but like you know how when you reheat like potatoes or something
They're just never as good. It's just like stuff that just will never be as good reheating a microwave steam oven
It was like everything was brand new again. It's a little random fact. Yeah, we've got there's like a few things
So we have our toaster oven
I I would be surprised if you didn't own this or you haven't come across this. It's it's called a
Belmuda the toaster. It's it's like it's a name of the toaster
Yeah, something like that. Um, I've not heard of this
And it has like a little slot at the top to put like a little thing of water in it
So when you're toasting bread or something, it'll like
Bring it back to life seems it as well. Yeah, that's good. Uh, I broke my microwave
A month ago and I got a new one that also has an air fryer in it
Which I'd never used before and that's been really good too because I like air frying is another way where you can just like
Yes, we've got ones. Yeah, it's like a great way to reheat. It's impossible to have too many kitchen counters
Like yeah, I know we constantly fill our counter space and we're like we're running out of room. We have this other appliance
We need there's just new inventions all the time new innovations in kitchen technology
Do you like hate how much time food takes up in your life?
like between
Making it thinking about what you want to have eating it cleaning up whatever. I don't have kids
So I don't think it's right now. I'm taking up a lot of time. Okay. Well, I'm okay with it
But yeah, I imagine that it's like
With kids because they don't even eat like the same times like they
they eat like
Twice as many meals. That's like between every meal. We're also making them a meal
It's just there's a never-ending stream of like clean up and prepare and clean up and prepare
Just feels like our whole life is dominated by it going to the grocery store getting groceries
I mean like we've done the insta cart thing but the whole the whole cleanup is the worst part because like
And this is the thing like when I when I would cook a lot
I like really
Optimized for just reusing like a single
Like my ideal thing is I only have one thing to clean up at the end because I like use it for everything like
Yeah, like it just it's like a single fork that I use while cooking and also while eating like, you know
Because like you make something really good usually ends up using like five or six things. You know, you need to wash
Yeah, yeah, who's solving this? I saw a tweet the other day. It was like it was like some
like diagram
Or not not like a photo of the front of all these humanoid robots
There's like 12 of them and all the different companies and what country they're from
And like how much it weighs and how strong it is. I don't know
There's all these facts about all these humanoid robots and they'll basically look like humans
Where are these things? Can people buy them? Are they still just like in the lab?
Does anyone own a humanoid robot that like does stuff for them? I think Kim Kardashian does. I keep seeing really close pictures of it
Uh, I don't think it does anything yet. Okay. I don't think these things do anything
Really? I think they're going to could we have a robot that does all these things like make our food and clean up after us
I I guess so like why not because it's just
Like like a mecca like it's machinery like we're not doing anything
That complicated in terms of cooking. Yeah. Do I even want this? I don't even know like for me. I definitely want it
So I don't care if you don't want it. Don't listen to Dax. We need to buy them
Yeah, well, I mean it seems like there's an influx of companies
There are a lot more attention on humanoid robots last like 18 months
Is what does that have to do? Does that do with AI? I feel like it happened at the same time. It's like the resurgence of
All this AI progress definitely has to do with AI as well. I think there's like renewed investment in anything
AI adjacent so there's a lot of cheap capital so all these companies raise money and they're doing stuff but
I don't know like it just so much has this think of
All flash no substance. Yeah
Like call us for a demo energy. Yeah, or just like really showing off stuff that
Seems like
It's flashy, but doesn't actually make sense. So one of them maybe was figure I forgot who it was
They put together like this crazy slick
Video about how they manufacture like the heads or something of these robots and it's like so optimized and so like
Beautiful at the manufacturing process and I'm just like
Why does it look that good already? Like shouldn't they're super early like why is that part of their?
System like so developed. Hmm. So I just see these like weird red flags where I'm just like I don't know if these are these are real companies
Maybe some maybe there is one that will like build something cool, but
Yeah, I don't know like what do I actually I don't think I want them to cook
Really want them to cook I would love for them to cook or mostly clean up
I wouldn't mind to do the cooking if they cleaned up cleanup is good. I see that I see the clean up laundry
I look up ton of things cleaning the house. It takes us forever
It takes me like two hours to draw our floors like vacuum and mop. It's like
That kind of stuff. It'd be huge
But like can't you get it? Isn't there aren't there already robots that do that?
No, they're not good the little like Roomba style robots. They just don't do a good job
Okay, so I guess what I'm saying is let's say you have a cute problem like mopping your floors
Can you make can someone make the Roomba thing to x better?
Is that more likely or is like a robot that can mop
You know, I guess more likely. I don't I actually don't know
I mean the promise of a humanoid robot is that it could do everything like it could just
You charge it up at night and then it does all the stuff during the day. It's like multi-purpose
You don't have all these little specialty robots. Yeah, no, I I get that
But I just wonder if that's actually how if it's gonna happen if that's how it'll play out
I we've got we've done a ton of different Roomba's different generations
Not actually Roomba company like whatever we go with whatever
Yeah, whatever the best one is at the time
We never actually tried the sweet the the jet ones like the mopping ones
I don't know. I just don't I don't believe in it
I I just feel like it's not gonna work that well
But maybe they do we've had cleaners in the past
I think like we've had an issue where a five-year-old doesn't want anyone in the home
So that's kind of killed that
So it's just like this huge amount of chores that I'm dreaming of robots taking over
I see what if he doesn't like robots either
And you probably wouldn't yeah if he doesn't like people he probably wouldn't like
Cold, lifeless robots walking around the house. That's a good point
He'll get older and we can just probably hire cleaners again
And then for like $200 a month we solve our problem and don't have to buy robot
But this is the thing I always point out your situation is a little different but
Man like you there's so many cases where human labor is like a lot cheaper than the automated thing
Yeah, it's kind of like not worth it. I actually think that's maybe why
well these robotics companies
Like I don't see how getting one in your home
Like I feel like a good one would be so expensive
That like for most people it's not it wouldn't be like a mass market thing
You know like most people would just yeah
You know most people probably can't even afford having a cleaner come and this would be more expensive than that
So yeah, and then as I think about it like if AI really does taking start like knocking out a bunch of knowledge working jobs
People are gonna have to have something to do cleaning might be therapeutic
Like what are we gonna do if we lose all our jobs? Are we gonna lose our jobs?
We talk about this a lot do we need to stop talking about this every day that goes by?
I think it's less likely less likely goes that likely to begin with but
There's like the crazy outcome and there's a boring outcome both are pretty world-changing
Every company I talk to like through like you know through sst
So many AI companies like so many problems being solved
All very boring like it's not like the crazy outcome. It's like hey, we've solved this
niche little problem in the space that's been elusive forever
And we're gonna build a
10 million-hour company that does it great like that. That's
That's gonna happen a thousand times over. Yeah, lots of problems getting fixed, but
So just a decade of implementing is what we're looking at. It's the boring
I'm not a hundred percent sure if that's what's gonna happen, but just every day that goes by
It's going more and more in that direction. It could still flip, but I don't know. That's how I feel
Yeah, how do you feel how do you feel about the AI code stuff after it's been a couple weeks since we've recorded
I feel like
A couple weeks of doing this stuff. I have new takeaways or new learnings. I don't know. Well, you start then 3/7. It's just not it's not good enough
It's still it's just not good enough for me. I want it to be better
I feel like if I start with Jim and I or I start with even 0 3 to like lay out a good plan
It keeps it on the track better
Uh
I did I want it to be better so badly. I want cloud 4 to come out and and just like get us over the hump
Can you give me a discreet example of
Something you try to get it to do and what you do to make it
Perform better. Well, let's let's use the open code example. Yeah, uh, so in open code
Just yesterday. I'm adding just adding color schemes to open code
It's like a I want to use open code to improve open code and just like more reasons to use it
Uh
It
Like it just doesn't it doesn't see the whole picture well enough
To like be comprehensive so like there's this the first task really and introducing
Theming into this thing is like we need to consolidate all the places where colors are being referenced throughout the code base
And it just fails to get there it fails to get all of it kind of consolidated
And then once it does if you just do this through cloud set or three seven like if you don't incorporate any other
steps in the workflow, uh
It also just starts taking really dumb approaches to like the next step which is like switching themes and
How do you reinitialize the app or just update the app so that renders the new colors?
It's like recreating stuff. It should not recreate
It's just doing a lot of making a lot of dumb decisions if I take like something like repo mix
And I just do a big text file dump of the code base
And I hand it to jimini 2.5 pro and I tell it everything I want and I just tell it
It's writing a prompt for a dumb LLM
Then it creates a really nice plan with like seven steps and it seems to work through those steps pretty well
so like it's like three seven just can't do the like
planning thing it can't do the
like the high level thinking
and Jim and I know three seem way better at that in grok three two, but I think Jim and I know three are better than
correct. Yeah. Well, what's funny is uh, I
Never think to use it the way you're trying to use it. I actually naturally just do the thing
That you're getting uh, oh three or something or Jim and I to do
Which is so I'll give you an example. So for me. I come up with the plan. Yeah
Yeah, like I had a code base where half of it was like in a older css pattern and I wanted to move
Everything to like the newer pattern. So I didn't just my instinct wasn't to be like, hey, go fix this
Across the code base. Mm-hmm. I literally just want to file by file. I was like
Here's here's a pattern. I like look through this file and apply it. Mm. Yeah. It's way better. It's like that and apply it. So I guess
That's like obviously inefficient like I'm doing something pretty mechanic
Whereas like I should be able to tell it go through all the files anything that looks
old like this make it look more like this
And you're saying that if you gave that to a I guess oh three is a reasoning model m9 2.5
Pro is that a reasoning model? I don't know. I don't even care people
Just the names of models and types models and all this stuff. Just try them crazy
I'm trying to understand like if that's why it's better because yeah
Like the reasoning models are so much better at coming up with a large
Becoming with a plan first before I was kidding because I mean three three seven thinking is reasoning, right?
Oh, it doesn't that's not good enough either
I but it's so silly. You have to like say think or think harder those have different meanings
Like if you tell it to think and maybe I didn't in this case
I think I use it the way you're describing in code bases
I really know like the terminal code base the stamp use code base
I use it as more of a scalpel not like a like the open code code base. I was not involved
I do not know my way around it. I just want to like build features through prompting
I think that's maybe the vibe coding thing. Maybe that's why I'm I'm depressed
About three seven because like it's not as good at that. It's better when
You kind of like know what you're doing in the code base and you're just using it for the dumb parts and the like tedious parts
That's when I feel better. Yeah, I also don't like
How like I think you've described this or somebody has described this feeling of like
Or no, you like it because you've watched tv shows, but it's just doesn't feel like program
It's like having between five different tabs. I don't like it. Yeah, I don't like that
You're just not in
You're not in focus mode at all. You're like, yeah, so I in jitter mode
Yeah, jitter mode. It's not yeah, it's not my strength
So I guess that in that sense, it's like a hedge
like either outcome I'm probably okay with programming becomes completely automated and
AI is so good like cloud four comes out and it just blows my mind that'd be a fun world probably
As long as we have jobs
Or it doesn't and we get to go back to programming which I love we'll see. Yeah, I think I think what I am feeling is that
And I've talked about this a little bit before
I'm now putting way more work into designing
Patterns and rules and consistency not just in the code, but just in the product. So
For radiant
I like put in so much work
into our
We have this dialogue that pops up that can
Whenever you have to select from a list of options like we pop the dialogue show list of options
Um in the past I would have just been like, okay
We have like roughly something that pops up and then in every place we use it
uh, you know, like I'll like
Make it work for what makes sense and in in the case where it's used
the traditional like programming mindset of like don't over abstract too early
You know like
In local places like things might vary so your abstraction might be brittle
Um, that was like my default, but now i'm taking the complete opposite approach where i'm like
I need to make this like the most powerful flexible useful dialogue ever
Because I want to make sure that whenever I ask AI to do something it can just use that
I think too hard. Yeah, um, so it's like really focused on enabling
You know quote unquote a team that can just go build stuff without making some decisions
Like i'm doing a lot more that up front and like
I'd always eventually get there, but this ordering is totally different now
Like I usually get there after
You know the project's been around for x amount of time now i'm like really eager to get it
All out up front and even the product design ends up looking a bit different because
We're a little bit more reluctant for inconsistency even if the inconsistency leads to
We have a better situation in some cases. Um
So yeah, like it's definitely changing the way I work and I just feel like i'm spending a lot more time doing the whole
Senior developer building stuff so that junior developers can be successful
Yeah, that's that seems to be like a hundred percent of my focus
Now or like yeah, which is uh, it's it's a shift
For me i've never i've never been in a position where we're trying to hire junior developers
Like stat news has never hired junior developers
Terminals not hiring junior developer like it's just never a thing i've thought about in my codebase. It's like making it
good for
dumb people
And I know you think about it because you've got because i'm like me dumb. Yeah
No, the sst like model repo all the stuff you do all your patterns. It seems to really work well with those
But yeah, it does yeah, it's I mean I I think
I went through a period of time at my previous companies where my entire strategy was
Let's just hire junior people because I didn't I knew we could only afford to hire mid-level people and I found middle
People actually ain't knowing to work with um because it was really it'd be like blank slate people
Yeah, so I like to entirely optimize around hiring junior engineers
So I spent just years just making sure or like learning how to like create frameworks and structures and stuff
Obviously working at sst. That's like that turbocharged because you're doing that for many different companies
Um, but then sst and then a terminal
I got past this thing where I could only hire people that were mid-level
But everyone sst's pre-senior. I'm a terminal is pretty senior
So now I'm like, okay. I'm never gonna go back and hire junior people. So yeah, you don't have to work as far as AI
Yeah, and that has brought me back to that. So again, it's like very familiar to me because it's it's basically what i've been doing for most of my career
um, but I see why
I would guess that most people have not been in that kind of situation
It's probably the exception that you have experienced doing that. So I get why people are like this thing sucks. It's so bad
Um, but I think it just because your job needs to look a little bit different. Yeah
Hey, we haven't talked about we haven't talked since Miami. We haven't talked about the week in Miami
The yacht just all of it. Yeah
Where do you want to start? Yeah, just to summarize for everyone last week was react Miami
Um, adam came initially, but then had to leave early because his kids were sick. Unfortunately
Uh, we missed you every time we did something. We're like, uh
It'd be fun if adam was here. He would have gotten into it. That's nice to hear. I was sad and it was hard
it was hard because uh
I
You feel bad
being sad
When like you did the right thing. It's like my kid my kid ended up in the hospital like it was it was bad like
Both my kids got pneumonia
My littlest one had double ear infection. It was just it was really bad. Like he's in the hospital late at night
So I flew back the next morning
Uh, I know I need to come back. I I wanted to be there
And then it's like I felt guilty for being sad that i'm missing stuff throughout the week when like
I need to be there, but then I learned I worked it out. I learned like no, it's okay
I can have two things can be true at once. Like I can be disappointed that I missed out on stuff
but also
Now that I need to be home. So
Yeah, yeah, I missed a lot of fun things. Could you tell them about the fun things
And me so, uh, you got here on sunday. We all hung out
Uh, we went to dinner on sunday
And monday. What do we do? Oh, so monday, uh, super base has been so visit and making these documentaries
They've only done one so far. I think and we're the second one
So we filmed
A quote-unquote documentary about terminal where we just kind of said a bunch of stuff that just wasn't true and was funny
Hopefully, we'll see what they do with the footage. Hopefully we'll see
Um
And then what do we do after that when we do after that on monday after the well
We started like working on the song. I mean, working on lyrics. Yeah, so we rented a yacht for Tuesday
Uh, well, the story here is I knew that I get a yacht for half price
So my grandma's gonna be in Miami. I'm just gonna do it so I booked a yacht then I was like, hey guys
What should we do with this?
What should we do with? Yeah, and tj was very confident that we should just make a rap video and all of us were just kind of like
Okay, like that sounds good. I don't I don't know about there were mini dad. Yeah
We're like from every corner of terminal
Yeah, because I am but i'm not musical at all like just not something I've ever done something not something I feel comfortable with at all
But tj was very confident pulled all of us through it
Um
So monday we worked on lyrics
Uh, so tuesday unfortunately you have to leave but then we you know, uh got on the yacht. We had
Uh, all these plans for
What we were gonna shoot we also didn't have the song at this point
So we were just like we did the video first without the song so we're just kind of hoping that you know things would line up
Um that morning by the way, I went and I bought a drone
Oh, I don't know if I told you this. No, I bought a dji mini four
So you didn't use the drone guys drown used your own
So I was we were gonna hire a drone guy and I was talking to him
And he was like, oh, I can only do 1080p and we're like what huh?
I'm actually 1080p like what's wrong? Do you have six?
Yeah, and he like told us a drone and it is like one of those mats like one of the massive
It's like the $20,000 dji drone which they're like in hindsight. It's too big
It's like
We would have to like clear the deck or they got to like launch this thing every time. Yeah
So it was like, oh, yeah, I need like a license and I don't have the license and I was okay
We can pay for the license. So like dji has a crazy with the licensing
I don't know if it's their fault if it's like how the industry is but yeah
It's like these pretty expensive licenses to like be able to actually take advantage of what your drone can do
And but he was like, oh no, it's like on a physical thing
So like I don't even get in time so we had to like cancel with him because he couldn't get
The license of time, whatever. I was like, okay. I'll just buy a drone
I've always kind of one-on-one. Um, so there's randomly a dji store in Miami
So I went there was only one left of the one that we needed
Wow, we got the last one and man, this thing is so cool
You guys learned how to use it in time for drone shots again for audience. We also had um, the krazam team here
Ben and shiva
If you don't know, you probably know who they are they're the ones that made the microservices video which all of us have seen
Um, they're very talented very funny cool team. It was awesome having them with us guys are great
Yeah, so shiva like just spent the morning while we also oh so that morning after about the drone we're all just running around
Trying to find costumes and stuff for us
We were just like going to the mall and like doing whatever trying to find any kind of stuff
They ended up finding a costume store that worked out and got a bunch of funny stuff coffee company by the way
Yeah, we're coffee company, you know, just normal coffee company things
So shiva like figured out like so have the drone download updates, etc
Um, it's we own the yacht
The captain was just like what the hell are you guys doing?
He thought it was funny. I thought it would be like I was unsure if they would find it weird
But he thought it was funny and thought it was awesome and he was like super into all of it
That could have ruined the vibe that could have made it very awkward to feel like dancing and like done stuff and he's like
Yeah, exactly. He thought we were he thought it was really cool
Okay, so he took us out and then we just anchored in the bay and then we just filmed
All these different shots of us together independently
Then we split up and we're just doing like little individual like skits on our own just to get as much footage as possible
It was really fun. It was obviously awkward at the beginning, but like once we got into it
Um, it was funny like we the first costume were these like nerdy like nasa engineers saw costumes
And that was like, I don't know if it was just the costumes or if it was like, you know
Just because it was the first thing we're trying to do like we were a little stiff. It was a little awkward
Yeah, um then we switched into like our Miami outfits and like everything loosened up like
All those shots are just so much better and we got some really really really good good scenes
I think we're okay with times like sun setting like we got a
Film with the drone and everyone was too nervous to use it and josh was just so josh heard the camera
Uh the videographer we hired you just like i'll just do it like over the water. Just scared it would fall because it was like
This is crazy
And he he's nailed it. He like got it up and then just it was filming all these shots
Was like swooping in and doing all that stuff. Yeah, the drone can do all these things automatically
By the way, we just like didn't know how to work it. Um, but whatever we got some some really nice drone shots
Uh, here's that funny thing though
So when the drone takes off it marks where it took took off from
And then when you hit land, it like flies back to where it took off from and lands. Oh no
So what's the boat moving? We're anchored so i'm like, okay, this is fine
So we do a test run and then when it comes back down it's letting a complete different spot
I'm like what's going on the boat's rotating the whole time. It's not still just rotating
Uh, so we couldn't use the auto landing wasn't a big deal
But it was just kind of funny because it felt like we were still but we were kind of be rotating
But i'm just like kind of like land directing the water
It's also really smart
So I think if it got close to the water it would know and then it would just like not land
Uh, they make it really hard for
To mess it up like I was playing with it like yesterday and man, this thing is so cool
It feels like
You know in video games where you can get like a camera that like flies around the map
It literally feels like that because it's so stable. It feels like you can move anywhere instantly
It's real time streaming to your controller
and I was just like
I was like flying a video game camera like around my neighborhood. Like it was really wild
It's really cool really cool technology. It's gotten so advanced. I've always wanted a drone
I've never been able to think of a reason to have a drone. Yeah, it's like
I finally had the excuse to buy one. Yeah with terminal money
I mean, maybe maybe it's maybe it's literally just like I should get one just for me and the boys should just like play with
It's fun. Just be fun to like fly around and see what stuff looks like from the air
Like just as like a it's purely entertainment. It's literally it. We're not trying to record stuff
Yeah, and where you live where there isn't much like
Many buildings and stuff. It can go 10 kilometers. Isn't that insane? What what's the kilometer again?
It's like a mile
Uh, I think it's I think it's like 1.6 miles or the other way around. Wow. Yeah 1.6 miles
Or no. Sorry. Sorry. One mile is 1.6 kilometers all the way around. So
You're 10 miles
Okay within 10 miles still if it can go miles, that's impressive
It's crazy because like how much is a drone like this? Do you mind saying?
This was um, it's only 1,000. Oh, nothing that crazy
So and this had the upgraded controller that had this so there's there's like a
Dumber controller where you dock your phone and the phone serves is
The screen they didn't have that one
So we got the more expensive one has a screen built in and you can just tell it's like it is just like an android phone or something
Uh, that's embedded into the controller and yeah, it has like as it has it can so now this for the four pros when I got
Once you launch it, you can do auto track mode and when you do that it like on the screen
It detects all the humans or like dogs or whatever and you can like there's like a little plus icon
You can tap it and it just follows you just follows you around and you can walk around
It avoids trees. It avoids everything else. You can say okay, do like a circle shot around me
And it'll do like feel like kind of spin around you as you're walking
Um, it's crazy. Something minutes of flight time for one
One charge. It's pretty good. Like yeah, it's pretty solid. Um, and we got second battery anyway
So yeah, these things are amazing. Here's another fun detail
So if the FAA at some point put in a regulation if the drone is over 250 grams
You need like a special license to be allowed to fly it
DGI within weeks of that regulation had a drone that was 249 grams
This this drone weighs 249. Yeah
Nice. Yeah, so you can just do whatever you want. Um, I'm so even then I'm surprised how legal it is because
Route one like the huge highway is like right by where I live and through the drone up
And I flew it over and it's like over the highway and I'm like
Wow, I could just slam this into a car right now. I'm causing a massive disaster
It's a good point like you could actually do
I don't know bad things with a camera on a you know like yeah, is it like a privacy thing? I don't know
like
Just buzzing. I mean there's that Drake video of like the fake like drone pulling up to his tower
And he's like throwing the shoe at it or whatever. Yeah, but like really couldn't drones be really like
Invasive why aren't they everywhere terrified of drones?
I'm like if you just get a grenade and put on a drone like how well, how do you stop it?
Oh, geez. Oh, yeah
Well, yeah, you hear all about like I guess those aren't the same kind of drones, but you hear about the the war
The war yeah, yeah, yeah, we're showing Ukraine like the drone warfare is such a huge part of it. It's like
Have you seen what they have you seen what they do now?
So it's it's it's crazy the cat and mouse thing
So typical drone how do you stop it? You try to like make the signal and try to jam the signal you make it
So it's like you know you like mess up the radio waves
Pretty effective
Then they just started using wired drones
What so they have just thin wire that is miles long
Own that word that they just fly the drone with
So just like a wired zone crazy and now they have counter drones. It just cut the wire
This is nuts
Yeah, it's like all the crazy machinery that was developed through like world war two and post world war two
And like all this crazy war machinery and then it was like these little drones
That's what ended up being like the most effective thing
I honestly like I'm sure people that are in charge of military are like
Working through all these like they're probably just running my simulations and stuff
But I'm like, yeah, if you just have like 5,000 drones
and they're like
Yeah, not hit manually control. They're automated and they're just explosive
What what yeah, what do you do? It's gonna warfare. I would you can take out and it's funny. I think
Especially with this rush to Ukraine war. I like really understood how war is just like an economic battle. It's like
Okay, this tank costs five million dollars
How can we take it out for less than five million dollars?
And if we can keep doing that we run out of money
Like later than the patch than them. Yeah, so it's all about like calculating. Is it worth risking this thing?
Like can we get like an asymmetric win here?
hmm
Yeah, so man, this stuff is really wild. But yeah, you can buy one for a thousand dollars
Yeah, thousand dollars for a drone. So then Tuesday night you guys went to a recording studio and actually recorded the song
Was that the plan all along? I didn't know there was gonna be a recording studio. Was it Tuesday night? No, it was
Yeah, it was the night or no. It was the next day. No, so we were tired from the yacht
I think we yeah, we just tired and we like, you know went slept and we're talking about how
Man like it's gonna be hard for us to record manually at home
I give it. I guess it's fine. We can do it
Then like TJ just decided to just like look up music studios and there's all it's in Miami. So it's a bunch
Yeah, and we're just okay. Let's just do it. Let's just do it. Let's just go to music studio
Here's a crazy part. So we found a music studio. It's literally walking distance from my house
I see I
The area that I've seen all the time. I didn't know there was a music studio there. It looks like a house
Um
I was like, man, this is gonna be expensive. I don't know. This isn't a budget
Four hours
420 dollars
What? Yeah, are you serious? It's so cheap. Okay, so I'm like, okay, this is a great deal
But I guess it's just like a little music studio, whatever and we and we go in it doesn't immediately look that impressive because it's clearly like a house
That was converted then we go into like the studio part and there's a guy there
And we we brought Ken with us because we're like Ken needs to like talk to them because we don't know what we were doing
and and Ken's like asking the guy all these questions and I could tell the guy was like being polite but like
I could tell the guy was like, don't worry. Like I know what the hell I'm doing
And he's like, okay, let's start recording
This door song just like the beat that we had for it and prime goes in
And this guy is like so imagine the best neo-vim user you've ever seen
It's like the equivalent of that but for whatever this audio
Audio software he was using tools or whatever. Yeah, he was going crazy
Like he was asking us. He had prime do his verse
And he was like in real time swapping out individual words from different takes
He was like prime go again prime go again
Dropping out there. He's like, okay. Okay. Can you go like this? Can you go?
Can you go like that? He would take that immediately put it in like a thing
He's like, okay. Can you go like? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No. No, he heard prime
He was like he was telling prime. Oh like do this line like this and prime goes
Yeah, yeah, they could always goes. Yeah, immediately grab that put it in as like an ad lib after a line
He's making like insane magic and he probably spent like
15 20 minutes
On primes because we were like we're nervous. We're like we've never done this before like he's just gonna come out good
Made prime sound like a freaking pro just pulled out magic got him to do all this stuff
And it's it's crazy because it's literally like the full final verse
I have no idea how like each word is probably from like a different really different try and it sounds totally cohesive
You would never guess it's called punching in they basically like
Pull out a thing and they like punch in like punch in uh each word at a time
I've actually been in the studio a few times for oh really? Yeah
Like buzz beat was one of colin's friends. We went when he recorded an album
And I think it was a Nashville
And then colin's been in the studio time my brother. Oh, of course. Yeah, yeah
So i've actually been in recording studios. I kind of know the the lay of that I know what you're talking about
Okay, yeah, so I was I'd never done this and it was so fun because like every minute the song is getting a little bit better
And he's like everyone's riffing on his ideas and like, you know, we'd had like
It was just so much fun. You know what it felt like it felt like uh
It really just felt like going bowling or like doing karaoke like one of those kinds of activities because yeah
It's not like we're dropping five grand. We're dropping
100 and something dollars per hour
Which is amazing. I can't believe just come here all the time my friends and just walk out with like a song like that's
This is insane. So then I like stepped out and i'm like looking around like the
Kind of hallway in the studio and they have all these like
Signs on the wall and i'm realizing this is not a random studio. This is like
They were just signing the wall for gasolina, which is like
I don't know if you know this song, but when I was in high school
It's like the first latin song i'd ever heard it was so famous that it like made it to suburban new jersey where there's no like
Like latin rap wasn't like a thing there
It was like crazy crazy successful like super popular like put that whole genre on the map
Like all the latin music that exists now. It's like because of this one song
And the guy that owns the studio made that song like he's credited with making some producer of that studio
He owns three studios one in portareco one in miami and one in like chile or something
Uh, and then they have a wall with all these people that record in the studio like this polaroid
And it's like the most famous people ever it's like really like i would say i would bad bunnies probably the most famous
But every him and like below him
Everyone hit everyone. I was like this is crazy. This is literally in my neighborhood. Huh?
We randomly picked this studio. We ended up with like a beast of a sound engineer
That can just like 120 magic out of it and for for this price like this i can't believe how
How much more was the sushi dinner that i before like a lot more a lot more right
Well, that's what we did. We went to i'm like, were you there this you were there this is dinner
I was there so yeah, it was monday night. Yeah. Yeah, so i'm like
This is i can't believe because we could have picked any studio
Like this we have to pick this one because it was the closest one to to my house
And i was shocked at how because i am not a good singer. I'm not musical and he just pulled out
Like the best possible outcome out of us and it was really really impressive
Yeah, did he actually did you guys just use so kin had made like the track
Was the sound is that what is in the final thing or did he remake it or he like remixed a little bit?
There's a few things where he like remixed it a little bit, but it's like roughly exactly that
Um, but he just he was like pulling up sound effects
From nowhere and like throwing stuff. He was having a great time, too
He like he thought we were really funny and he was having he was generally having a good time
And the other thing is like we started at like 10 p.m. I went to 3 a.m
Which I guess is normal hours for a studio that's insane. It's not normalize for me, but he
He was impressed with us because he was like
Man like very few people
Get a whole song
In like he's like sometimes we spend weeks just doing a single verse
Which makes sense and can was saying this because can't own the studio at some point
He's like
Yeah, people come in and they don't take it that seriously
They just get like drunk and they like smoke a bunch of weed and they just like kind of hang out and they barely get any work done
So I think that's
What they were used to where we were like
We have to get this done autistic program. Yeah, exactly deadline sprint planning tomorrow
Exactly
We were just so machine like about it
But that was it was so much fun. And now I'm just like
This is just an activity. I want to do like whenever there's people in town or whatever like when we need something to do
That's cheap entertainment. I mean relative to a lot of things. All you do is write some lyrics
And then just go in the studio and hang out and you can like get food and like just you know
Record with each other and it was it was a lot of fun. It was really really fun. So there's a music video coming
Of turmoil. Yeah, so we have the song. We have the raw footage recorded. Josh is working on edits
We gotta figure out how to work you in there
Yeah, I'm willing. Yeah, let me know
I'll record something now. I think the best thing would be for you to just come out here for a day and just
I could just not have any audio. You could also just yeah
Sit a two second be real with me somewhere. Here is the funniest part. I don't know if you saw it
Do you see me post her Instagram? No, you posted to art the terminal. No, so the studio is an instagram, you know school with the instagram
It's just like the most
Stereotypical like rappers like you know
Like like a dawn people like just doing their thing. They all look cool and whatever
And then there's like a one-minute montage of us in there alongside all these people and it's just so funny
They also took our pictures the Polaroids and they put it up against yeah, so we're like up there with all these
That's awesome all these people
I can't believe it's that cheap. I would have thought like thousands of dollars
I mean still worth it, but we get a whole song out of it. You know, it's it's wild
Our debut album. Maybe we'll go platinum. We'll double platinum
Oh, man
There's other terminal stuff. I guess that week you guys a terminal feud
Yeah, that's the next day. We had a party at my house
We did this fun thing where we put a couch in my front yard with the terminal flag behind it
And we just had people
Like interviewed them. So we have all that footage. I don't think we've released much of it
We have my party then we had there like that react my me after party
And we went to the
Did we go to the studio after that?
Now, maybe I can't remember the order of things. I feel like the studio was that the studio was that
So we did the my party react my party. I went to studio
then Thursday
We went to the conference for a little bit just say hi then we went back home
We had to record a bunch of our sponsored
We had sponsors for react my amies. We recorded some commercials for them ads were so good
Yeah, I mean having like a real videographer like the ads came out so good
Like the the one would prime like waking up in bed like look super legit
I remember being jealous of
Aaron and like
And yeah, the try hard stuff. I'm like not jealous anymore. Yeah
Yeah, so he's got those skills that look so good. Oh, this is another thing. So in the
When we were filming in the yacht
I was like, man, I don't think we look cool. Like I just don't think we were gonna look cool. I wasn't sure
Then he showed us that footage with prime like sitting there with like he's wearing he's wearing a wig
He's like doing all this stuff. That's so good. Yeah, and I'm like
He looks so legit like this was like a legit rap video. I'm like, it's just the camera
It is literally just the camera. He's got like a
The red camera. Yeah, red camera. It's nice. It just our brains associate
that
quality style with being legitimate and
It just looked it just looked great. It just looked amazing. So like all that stuff all the other jobs are good though. It's stuff
Yeah, you gotta subscribe if you're listening to this you should probably go subscribe to the terminal youtube terminal youtube
Yes, we have a lot of vlog stuff on there. It was we have so much good content coming out there very entertaining
Yeah, so
Film some stuff with him. I worked on family feud cleaning up the terminal feud code base that whole day
And the next day we showed up to run terminal feud again went really smooth
Like we did we had like no issues or anything technical issues or whatever
Uh people loved it people were laughing the whole time. It went great
Uh
And then that was it. We ended up skipping the react money after party
We're just kind of tired of that point of socializing. So yeah, we just hung out
Then everyone went home on Saturday. I still asked them to watch the terminal feud
I haven't uh, I started the stream for it and I haven't watched it. I was just yeah out of pocket
It went well though. Yeah, we did two games. I think
In the future like the first game
Was I think it was it was really good overall. The first game was definitely higher energy
I think it's hard to keep people at that level for
An hour and a half. Yeah, so if we ever just again, I don't think we will but if we do, I think we'd stick to one game
And just make sure it goes for yeah, it was good
Uh top g was there. He was a participant. Yeah, lots of little clips. I've seen of of you two or photos
Yeah, that was funny
Funny. They asked him what his favorite part of react money was and he says dax and everyone lost their shit
I did see that somewhat. That would be a good short when we post it later. Yeah, it's good
So yeah, good successful week good stuff
Got a youtube established got so much because hell's coming out. We're rolling out a digital cron
Membership so you can have all the benefits of cron membership without the coffee. Yeah, it's cheaper
Cheaper if you don't live in the us and you can't get it anyway, you can now get it
You're gonna get all sorts of behind the scenes access. We have we have so much foot in so much content
Like it then it's all so funny
Um in hindsight, we wish we had a second
We had like with another person under josh to like film more stuff
Because you only film one thing at a time. We miss a lot of funny things that were happening week like that
There's just so much going on. Yeah
Yeah, like there was this whole thing where prime and ben we're trying to put together the whiteboard for the
We bought a whiteboard for that that we were filming
That itself could just been like a whole video
There was a camera guy because they were just like it just they were just not doing a great job and i'm like
we could just tell that how to
Do a whiteboard interview, but just them building the whiteboard and like being horrible at it. Yeah. Yeah, it's funny when you think of like
Ben and prime as like these huge youtube figures and they're building a whiteboard and there's like nothing going on in the video just
Then building a whiteboard
We entertaining it was funny. It was funny. Just even just hearing them in the background while I was working
Yeah, so that was a week. It was the week. You can watch the vlogs to really see it. Yeah, the vlogs are great
Very exciting much excitement
Uh, anything else going on with you? I think just kind of last thing on the re-acaminy stuff. So
like I think a takeaway I had was
terminal feud was really really great and we're gonna upload a video of that
but
the vlogs
To me or what where all the value was because they're so
Wide reaching like anyone can watch them and find them entertaining
Um terminal feud, you know, it's a little bit more narrow a lot of inside jokes there a lot of like internet
face jokes, but
Uh like jay, uh jay's girlfriend watched she's a lawyer. She's not technical
She watched the vlogs and I mean she obviously she knows us so it's a little bit more personal, but um
Uh, she watched all of it. She found it funny like she understood most of it
So I'm really excited to just continuously being able to put that stuff out there. Yeah
Yeah, when are we when are we when are we in person next what's after Miami? I don't know
We don't have any official plans. We got some stuff in the works, but I don't know what's gonna be next
Yeah, we'll see we'll see
We'll see we'll buy we'll buy a warehouse in LA and we'll start to film
Okay, that's that's my nice goal. I do love LA
Casey and I have always loved going to southern california. It's so nice
I mean the weather is so nice. I love LA. I would move there instantly. Yeah. It's the driving around LA
Like I guess if you just were like parked and like
I mean if you want to finish your Santa Monica. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Yeah, you can walk everywhere pretty much. It's true
That's probably what I would try to do. Yeah, yeah, there's not really I guess
When I've been in LA it's been for work stuff and like Disney stuff. We're having to go to Glendale, which is like
An hour and a half drive from
Like if you're in like a cool place in LA and then you want to get to those places where the studios are
It's like a nightmare
It's a wrong time of day. So I've just got all these memories of being in LA and a car on like one of the freeways just
Forever in the car. Yeah, we're gonna like complaints about the driving
But I I think I'm assuming it's very similar to my current situation where Miami's a very car-based city
But I live in you live in a neighborhood area
Yeah, I don't really have to leave that much. Yeah, it makes sense
But that said anywhere I want to go I can get to in 15 minutes
Which might not be the case in my in LA, but yeah, yeah weather is great
I said the motion is there would much rather move there than the Bay Area
Yeah, are you moving to the Bay Area? What's the deal?
Are we talking about the podcast? I did post a thing being like if
I post like my ideal
Type of way to live and like is this possible in the Bay Area the reason I posted that is
We're like, okay. If we decide to move like is that an option? We're considering it
Jay is probably gonna move there
Just because it does makes way too much sense like one of us has to be in SF pretty much
um
But he's definitely moving there within a year probably in about a year or so
And I'm wanting to okay should I move there too?
I'm not so sure. I like I'm very reluctant to give up the weather in Miami
I don't like the weather in San Francisco. I think it can be nice. I think
It's not nice enough where you stop thinking about the weather, which is what I have right now
Um, and the second thing is like this is kind of surprising to me because I would think people there would care about this
Uh, so obviously SF itself is very walkable
But I don't want to live in SF. I want to live like outside of it. Yeah
Mm-hmm. It's not very like they don't have these like nice little communities that I would I would expect
to me as a cliche like
liberal-leaning urbanish area
Everyone cares about like oh, I want my cute little walkable neighborhood, but like it's not it's like very suburban and there's like
Center areas that are you can't really walk to and like if you even if you walk to it's like a weird walk where you're kind of walking in weird places
Yeah, so yeah, I don't know. I just couldn't find an area that I was
California and you just commute you do the 45 minute
Playing ride thing. Yeah, I mean, I think Jay would love to live in LA too. Like he'd he's like, yeah, why not just ever been LA
He's not happy about SF
He's like we're designed that it just makes too much sense that you have to be an SF for some amount of time
But he eventually wants to end up in in LA. Yeah
Azu I or I mean, I wouldn't mind LA, but I don't know. I'm happy
I thought through all this. I was like kind of excited, but I'm like, I'm pretty happy in Miami like I don't
I don't really get kind of have everything I want here. So I don't know. Yeah, I don't have everything I want in the Ozarks
so
I need you to figure out where you're gonna be and then we can figure out where we're gonna be
Where do I see you guys?
Ultimately, there's a very few places that we would consider like
We lived in Naples for a while. So South Florida is definitely it's on the list
California, I guess like Southern California. Yes, the Bay Area, no
Maybe Northern California you guys would want to be in you guys would want to be in a house
Yeah, you're not like trying to no, we're not trying to be in like a walkable city
Yeah, so I mean the dream would be Maui if I'm just being honest the dream would be like a fruit farm in Maui
And I'd never see any of you again, but you know, how's that different in the Ozarks?
How's the different in the Ozarks better weather? Yeah, I mean, yeah, the mountains in the ocean. It's
You got mountains in the Ozarks. Don't you growing mangoes? I don't know. There's a lot of things
Yeah, we have we have mountains. They're just like
Wooded mark 20 forest with meth labs. I mean, it's just a little different. Yes. Obviously Hawaii is incredible
Let me get that out of the way first
Of course
I don't okay. Here's my issue. I don't think I want to live on an island. I get that it's it's not like a
To me, it's like a very practical thing where I'm like
Everything everything just has to get shipped to you and like there's all these
I'm sure you can talk about. Yeah, exactly. I'm sure you used to it and you like forget about that being a problem, but
It's just it's like two
Out of the way for me. Yeah, I think I don't think in this season of life like where there's actual travel needed and stuff
I don't think it makes sense. Yeah, that's yeah exactly like a retirement dream. Yeah
Um, you can have a fruit farm in South Florida. No, it's true. Yeah, I mean you can grow most everything we'd want to grow
Yeah, yeah, I should move to homestead
Where's that it is? Uh, south of miami. Oh, basically where we go whenever we want to do farm stuff. There's like there's really
Giant famous like fruit
I guess you can call it a fruit stand, but it's like really big and they have their own like they have so much up there. It's like a giant
Fruit quote unquote stand. Yeah, it means amazing milkshake. So we always go down there. Uh, and all the fruit farms are down there and
For buying trees. We go down there. Uh, and there's tons of properties there where I'm like if we are one of the farmlings, probably
Okay, I'm gonna look into it. I didn't know it was like an actual
Place people live south of miami. I thought it was just like the drive to key west
And yeah, that's like into the water. This is like more around the
the coast of uh of florida. So yeah homestead is
Yeah
You probably get there within 45 minutes. Oh wow. Okay, so if you stay in miami then south florida is definitely
That's attractive. Yeah, and I don't even think it's that expensive. I think you can get like a pretty nice house big property
Uh, there's like a lot of like it's an area where they're like starting to develop more like they're putting
Yeah, paper developments on there. Oh, yeah, it's pretty it's pretty sweet
Interesting. You can have all kinds of fruit trees. Okay. I'll look into it. All right. I gotta get up here
There's so much cloud prompting to do
Somebody tokens more work than ever even with AI. Yeah, that's just how it goes
Yeah, all right. All right. See you next